while the competition is not in full
here did that that we vibration
urban the x bow for a carton on
Internet
they have also brought back to the taste of
day the pogo stick your faith apply the
jumping stick
everything lies at the fullest of this
discipline which by the way is not so
new as that since she was
invented 100 years ago in germany
then the jumping stick
at first it's something very
simple it's a boom and on this
perch we put some footrests
we put a handlebar we put on it and
have historically made leaps the
propulsion is this realistic rather by
then it was born at the beginning of
20th century in Germany by two
German and it's quickly gone then
in the United States from the beginning of the twentieth
century in the 20s
it was even broadway in
shows and so that has grown
very quickly
in 1999 we launched this famous braudel
with a huge resort and that's it
the ancestor of the pogo stick pogo stick
freestyle is this big beast
so it's a thing shape that makes that
it's hard to do the backflip with but
that's what we started
we also have another device that
propulsion so by spring for
allow younger people to realize
their first figure the first is the
fun model
the fun model as I told you on
find the boom with the rest
feet the handlebars inside we put
four spring to absorb the
weights of people quite important
from about 35 up to 60 kg and there we can
to do a lot of figure but that we will
go higher we're going to be stronger
we need to move on
and then with that we move on to the project and
the pro am here it is a device that
swells
so he walks with air pressure
who inflate themselves with a pump all
simple here and we can adjust so his
pressure according to its weight and then according
his performance and with that we can climb
up to 12 meters from which we can make
figures of phew
or at usa x bow wow it's a group of
friends who grew up and who has
started from the pogo stick
with different types of propulsion they
make great faces means
now it's really top of the top
it's stopping the world's best
they constituted they invented
tricks and europe
dimitri is probably the best
European also develops his tricks
work with that and mitry at 16 he
makes 60 kg and already it is written sending
huge
so we really think it's going to be a
big in not long
actually with the with the tai chi to
8 must acquire or to see which
several qualities
the first is the balance
have to hold physically because that's
demanding in demanding cardios
muscularly room the stool and also
a bit and then you have to know displaced
in three dimensions so the tk goals on
in fact as we want but when we
starts doing it really freestyle
we reach the level of mitri
close it means we go up 1,82 m on
wall jumps that are three meters
steira we start typing fronds
fli of backflips to think of his
security his body is sacred it is necessary
think about his safety
so the first thing is obviously
we recommend all the time
commands to put a helmet a helmet
norms to the normans n to have everything
the time of shoes with
thick soles so the soles of
skate or bmx and canonissime it goes great
good with
and then eventually put if you want
elbows protections knee yesterday
yesterday but especially the two most
important is the headphones and the
shoes
so we're just starting to go to
launch this sport in France but even in
Europe
we even start developing it a
little bit also in Japan now he
we need to have people of good level
who starts doing it already we're going
so launch some of the first
championships of small competitions
with the fun model
what more accessible you already you
can resume figures and
tricks that you do that on the scooter
either on the skateboard also you can gr.b
to do 360
and then down to get small to
small at the level of dmitri started to
to link the bat li playfrance flip etc
people have to start at it
must jumpers start to access
so a certain level and we think that
all who already are in the bmx
so that means we're not too scared
all those same who is starting to send
in scooter can start to get
realize and do heavy stuff years
with the with the tec at 8
this